docs/src/content/docs/developer-guides/project-structure.md, before:

---
title: 项目结构
description: This is a page in my Starlight-powered site
---

## 核心 Core

### 数据源与结构

zhang 的设计目标是不依赖，也不强绑定任何格式， 也就是说你可以把数据存储在**数据库**，**文本**，**二进制**，以及任意可以自由表达的地方。

为了可以让 zhang 顺利地工作，我们抽象出了两个组件用来帮助如何处理不同的数据源与结构。

#### DataSource

DataSource 指的是数据源，简单来说，你的数据存储在何处，本地文件系统呢？远端 GitHub 呢？，所以DataSource 告诉了 zhang 核心

- 如何读取数据，并处理成标准的、zhang可以理解的 `Directive`
- 如何把一个 `Directive` 写回数据源，通常用于数据更新

一旦数据源决定了，那意味着会跟一个数据类型 `DataType` 做绑定，所以在构建 `DataSource` 的时候需要指明具体的数据类型。

#### DateType

DataType 表示着源数据是采用哪一种结构存储，比如纯文本，json，数据库 等等。 `DataType`的核心就是把标准的 `Directive`
转换成对应的储存格式，zhang 官方维护了几种数据格式：

- `zhang` 改进 beancount 纯文本格式
- `beancount` beancount 官方纯文本格式

Commit message:

docs: resolved #265 translate all documents into english

docs/src/content/docs/developer-guides/project-structure.md, after:

---
title: Project Structure
description: This is a page in my Starlight-powered site
---

## Core

### Data Source and Structure

Zhang's design goal is to be format-agnostic, allowing you to store your data in databases, text files, binary files, or
anywhere that offers flexibility.
To ensure seamless functionality, we've abstracted two components to handle diverse data sources and structures.

#### Data Source

A Data Source refers to the origin of your data, whether it's a local file system or a remote GitHub repository. The
Data Source informs the Zhang core how to:

* Read data and convert it into a standardized, Zhang-compatible Directive
* Write a Directive back to the data source, typically for data updates
  When defining a Data Source, you must specify the corresponding data type (DataType).

#### Data Type

A Data Type represents the structure of the source data, such as plain text, JSON, or databases. The core function of a
DataType is to convert standardized Directives into compatible storage formats. Zhang officially supports the following
data formats:

* Zhang (improved beancount plain text format)
* Beancount (official beancount plain text format)
